We're just 16. We're just 16. We're just 16. Women will say. We're just 16. I simply didn't have the answer. I simply didn't have the answer. I simply didn't have the answer. Well in the mail that. I simply didn't have the answer. But I shouldn't get back home anymore. But I shouldn't get back home anymore. But I shouldn't get back home anymore. Then we'll pull guys please Allah. But I shouldn't get back home anymore. Now I have to admit my father isn't a bad guy. Now I have to admit my father isn't a bad guy. Now I have to admit my father isn't a bad guy. Since I will pull double tell you know what the food team being bushido quien. Now I have to admit my father isn't a bad guy. It was similar to my childhood allergy. It was similar to my childhood allergy. It was similar to my childhood allergy. Why should the climbing jumping sensor. It was similar to my childhood allergy. I couldn't believe how well my plan had worked. I couldn't believe how well my plan had worked. He couldn't believe how well my plan had worked. What did you think I'm sensing what did she want me that's Saleh. I couldn't believe how well my plan had worked. We don't have heating. We don't have heating. We don't have heating. Women male 9 she. We don't have heating. I wasn't ready yet. I wasn't ready yet. I wasn't ready yet. Well hi major they how. I wasn't ready yet. We get in touch every evening. We get in touch every evening. We didn't touch every evening. Lemonade canali shondaland she. We get in touch every evening. The island was perfect for me. The island was perfect for me. The island was perfect for me. How do I lie sure sure Wednesday that. The island was perfect for me. It was a mystery to me. It was a mystery to me. It was a mystery to me. Well I sure she got me. It was a mystery to me. And I don't know how long we'll be together. And I don't know how long we'll be together. And I don't know how long we'll be together. We'll put you down woman which I usually do I tell. And I don't know how long we'll be together my mom is still quite young. My mom is still quite young. My mom is still quite young. Well mama in the engine. My mom is still quite young. I was very surprised. I was very surprised. I was very surprised. What do you yeah. I was very surprised she refused to work for free. She refused to work for free. She refused to work for free. Taiji Jian yes a consular. She refused to work for free. And they let me go. And they let me go. And they let me go. Once a lot. And they let me go. I started to fall ill a little more often. I started to fall ill a little more often. I started to fall ill a little more often. Okay she continued on shouldn't be left. I started to fall ill a little more often. And I'm not talking about my new friends. And I'm not talking about my new friends. And I'm not talking about my new friends. Well bush is a show where they seem Tony L.. And I'm not talking about my new friends. She hasn't even turned 50 yet. She hasn't even turned 50 yet. She hasn't even turned 50 at. Hi how may languishes Cena. She hasn't even turned 50 yet. Still I decided not to jump into action just yet. Still I decided not to jump into action just yet. Still I decided not to jump into action just yet. Well hi she J. dean Pooley decent don't. Still I decided not to jump into action just yet. I like spending time with him I didn't want to be around him all the time. I like spending time with him I didn't want to be around him all the time. I like spending time with him I didn't want to be around him all the time. Wish you had to you she says she will push and he G. rated hard drive. I like spending time with him I didn't want to be around him all the time. My hands were really shaking when I took the letter and opened it. My hands were really shaking when I took the letter and opened it. My hands were really shaking when I took the letter and opened it. Then one night she she has she what they showed in that I can tell. My hands were really shaking when I took the letter and opened it. I was already 18. I was already 18. I was already 18. Please. I was already 18. But I won't let him go anyway. But I won't let him go anyway. But I won't let him go anyway. Thank you so that. But I won't let him go anyway. I thought it was some workers washing the windows. I thought it was some workers washing the windows. I thought it was some workers washing the windows. What do you A. she said to me and says hi Tom who. I thought it was some workers washing the windows who suddenly idea came to me. Suddenly an idea came to me. Suddenly an idea came to me. Engine was found out later dream. Suddenly an idea came to me. Here is much better than anywhere else. Here is much better than anywhere else. Here is much better than anywhere else. Jellybeans he'd had the phone how do I lack. Here is much better than anywhere else. I got incredibly upset. I got incredibly upset. I got incredibly upset. We'll see Tom Jeez son. I got incredibly upset. Do you believe in magic. Do you believe in magic. Do you believe in magic. More pharma. Do you believe in magic. Conscience wouldn't let me do it. Conscience wouldn't let me do it. Conscience wouldn't let me do it. Yeah we don't want to make sure. Conscience wouldn't let me do it. I was not happy. I was not happy. I was not happy. What I see. I was not happy. My fingers turn black in front of my eyes. My fingers turn black in front of my eyes. My fingers turn black in front of my eyes. What they show GSA engine a lot. My fingers turn black in front of my eyes. Well. My vantage. Well I crawled out of my bed. Well. My bed. Was home transient Pontianak. Well I crawled out of my bed. No one understood the reason for such sharp climatic changes. But no one understood the reason for such sharp climatic changes. But no one understood the reason for such sharp climatic changes. Thank you Mary and she does she hope she later yanking. But no one understood the reason for such sharp climatic changes. Little by little he's going back to normal. Little by little he's going back to normal. Little by little he's going back to normal. Frankly for junction town they answer. Little by little he's going back to normal. My plan worked like a charm. My plan worked like a charm. My plan worked like a charm. What did you want to sell a. My plan worked like a charm. Temperature became normal. Temperature became normal. Temperature became normal. When do we forge in town. Temperature became normal. I'd say he looks like a Greek god. I think he looks like a Greek god. I'd say he looks like a Greek god. Would you that has a license Asian. I'd say he looks like a Greek god. He knew someone who could get me exactly what I needed. He knew someone who could get me exactly what I needed. He knew someone who could get me exactly what I needed. How can she go crazy one chairman's award she showed AA. He knew someone who could get me exactly what I needed. I don't know what happens now. I don't know what happens now. I don't know what happens now. What would you die since as fashionista Maya. I don't know what happens now. It was sad. It was sad. It was sad. On scene. It was sad. I knew that the process would be long but I was ready to wait. I knew that the process would be long but I was ready to wait. I knew that the process would be long but I was ready to wait. Would you down to the courthouse in town then what. I knew that the process would be long I was ready to wait. I felt very well here. I felt very well here. I felt very well here. Well it's actually got into a hot. I felt very well here. There was a note. There was a note. There was a note. He junction town. There was a note. Where is. Where is. Where is. I shall. Where is. Everything was fine. Everything was fine. Everything was fine. He said how. Everything was fine. Every time she told me what to do I just close the door to my room and ignored her. Every time she told me what to do I just close the door to my room and ignored her. Every time she told me what to do I just close the door to my room and ignored her. Mason town council until Sharma would do about some inflation police have. Every time she told me what to do I just close the door to my room and ignored her. I found a local boyfriend. I found a local boyfriend. I found a local boyfriend. What are the only unbeaten and Paul yeah. I found a local boyfriend. My friends know about my hobby. My friends know about my hobby. My friends know about my hobby. What W. O. G. down what the I hop. My friends know about my hobby. No notice anything special about me. No notice anything special about me. No notice anything special about me. May enjoy our lawyers from it could be a G. 2. No notice anything special about me.